Fixed #34568 -- Made makemigrations --update respect --name option. (#16865)
django/django: docs/ref/django-admin.txt

Merges model changes into the latest migration and optimize the resulting
operations.

> Updated migration has a generated name. You can use ``--name`` to preserve the
> previous name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated migration will have a generated name; in order to preserve the existing name you must set it using ``--name``.
```

Suggestion^^ I think the wording flows better, others may have better wording 🤷‍♂️

Author: Updated, but not with exact wording :wink:
